LAURENCE: This is Vincent Bourg.
Baptiste picked him out
from a list of sex offenders in the district.
You thought I would tell on you?
As of this moment,
our association is to be terminated.
As far as you're concerned,
we never even met.
Olly! Olly!
What are you looking at?
Trouble for Tony Hughes.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Conversation in French)
(Whistles)
(Sirens)
(Shouting)
(Siren)
(Overlapping angry voices)
(Woman on TV speaks in French)
I can't find Olly's fox.
Have you seen it?
Cos he'll want it when he comes back.
- (Knock at door)
- Mr Hughes? It's Julien Baptiste.
OK, coming. Just one minute.
- What is it?
- We need you to come to the station with us.
We need to ask you some questions.
- What questions?
- Please come with us to the Commissariat now.
Why? Why do you need to talk to us?
It's just your husband
we wish to speak with for now, Mrs Hughes.
It's better that you stay here.
OK.
I'll put my shoes on.
I should come.
I'll be back soon, OK?
(Clamour of voices outside)
♪ Oh, my love
♪ We pray each day
♪ May you come home
♪ And be OK
♪ For now we wait for you
♪ For you to come home
(Bell chimes)
- Where have you been?
- I am on time.
Exactly. You're usually early.
- (Speaks French)
- Yes, thank you.
I have found you a corner of the office.
Follow me.
(Greetings in French)
- If you need anything, come to me.
- What about the basement?
A forensics squad is already there,
working on the room.
Oh.
I will do everything in my power to help you.
Oh, and before I forget...
- Bonjour, lnspecteur.
- Bonjour.
(Policewoman speaks in French)
- Thanks for meeting me.
- Don't flatter yourself.
I do not get many visitors.
And I got your little...present.
I was simply trying to demonstrate
that the way I write about you in my book
can paint you
in a very positive or negative light.
You do want your story told, don't you?
What do you want?
It's about that man again.
Vincent Bourg.
He was on the solitary wing in this prison.
The same one you were placed in
for your own protection.
What about him?
Well, I tried to get hold of him
while he was inside.
But he declined to respond.
Putain de merde, this case again.
Did I not help you enough back then?
What do you want with Vincent Bourg?
He can help me.
Because I know
what happened to Oliver Hughes.
Did he talk to you?
(Speaks French)
OK.
Merci.
Here. Sit down, please.
Do you know this man?
Are you going to tell me
what this has to do with my son?
His name is Greg Halpern.
In February 2000 you assaulted him.
He required stitches.
Several ribs were bruised.
Of course, you were never charged.
But your financial record showed
an unusual cash withdrawal in February 2000.
Paid to Mr Halpern.
With Detective Walsh's help, I managed
to find the original incident reports.
It's amazing, to put a man in hospital
and never see the inside of a police station.
Lucky for you that your father-in-law is
a very experienced lawyer, non? Anyone else...
Could you tell me what this has to do
with my son being abducted?
Are you a violent man, Mr Hughes?
In September 2004, your son was almost
three years old, you took him into hospital.
He had a fracture on his ankle.
You think I had something to do with this?
- Did you?
- No.
No way. No way. This is wrong.
What happened with Greg,
it shouldn't have happened, OK?
It was a mistake, that's all.
Is that how your wife sees it?
Physically assaulting this man, a mistake?
Emily didn't know about it.
Her father and I agreed that...
she didn't need to know.
She still doesn't and I'd like it to stay that way.
We've got enough on our plate
at the moment.
The night Oliver went missing,
what were you doing
between the hours of 10:16pm and 10:25pm?
Olly broke his foot
because he jumped off our bed.
That's why he ended up in hospital.
He jumped onto the floor, broke his ankle.
- Where were you?
- This is insane. You can't possibly think...
I was looking for Olly.
My son.
I was just running around looking everywhere
I could. Someone must have seen me.
There are nine minutes in which no-one
can account for your whereabouts.
Because they were
watching the fucking match!
Jesus Christ, you can't think...
Sit down. Sit down. Come on.
You cannot possibly think I would ever, ever,
do anything to hurt my son!
Tony, sit down.
(Quietly) Oh, my 60¢
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, Christ.
(Shouting in French)
(Text alert)
(Speaks in French)
WOMAN: They will find him, my love.
What if they don't, Mum?
Tony is going to be out of that station.
Soon.
You look so tired.
I can't sleep.
I mean, I do, for a few minutes but then...
I dream about him.
And then I wake up
and I remember he's not here.
I got you something.
You can get them over the counter here
and they're not too strong.
They'll just help you get some rest.
I'm fine.
JULIEN: Where were you?
The changing rooms.
Male and then female.
Then back into the pool, then outside.
Where?
- Into the car park?
- Yeah, I think so. I mean...
You have a demanding job, Mr Hughes.
What?
You've been taking phone calls from the office,
even on holiday.
That puts a man under a great deal of stress,
no?
Then your car breaks down.
You find yourself stuck here, of all places.
A man with a history of violence, under stress,
was it too much?
What?
Did something happen?
Help me understand.
No.
I, er...
You say there's nine minutes
that I can't account for.
I didn't have a car, it was being fixed,
so where am I supposed to have gone
in nine minutes?
There is a lake.
In the woods, just behind the swimming pool.
- Nine minutes would give you time...
- No, no.
If you speak now,
the procureur will be easier on you.
- (Knock)
- If not, it...
(Speaks in French)
I'm telling you the truth.
I thought you were here to help.
Not just sit there.
Answer his questions.
Then we can move on.
(Low exchange in French)
Sorry, I didn't mean to intrude.
No, it's OK.
(They continue in French)
Mark, this is Antoine Arnette.
He's been undercover for 14 months
as Leon,
working his way up the ranks
of an organisation.
- The caids des cites.
- I'm connected to a Romanian outfit
working out of Paris
but with links across Europe.
Antoine...
(Converse in French)
What is so important?
What brought you here?
The last two days,
the bosses have been distracted.
They are transporting something.
If it's drugs, usually, or weapons,
then we learn about it.
But this...
nothing.
From what I understand,
this package is to be transferred
from somewhere just outside Lille, to Thailand.
Thailand?
Sex trafficking.
At three o'clock this afternoon
in an abandoned warehouse
off the road leading into Lille.
This is where they will be
handling the transaction.
♪ Ooo eeee, I tried to flag a ride
♪ Didn't nobody seem to know me, babe,
everybody pass me by
♪ Standin' at the crossroad, baby,
risin' sun goin' down
- (Turns volume down)
- Georges!
Listen, the reason I'm calling you
is because I'm putting some money
into a fund for Tony and Emily Hughes.
An appeal, you know, a sort of
keeping up awareness kind of thing.
Most generous of you.
If I were you, though, I would be most careful
about putting money in this case.
It seems Tony Hughes
is now being questioned in the matter.
Oh.
Thank you for letting me know.
You're welcome. Bye-bye, then.
Hello, sweetheart.
EMILY: I want to speak to my husband!
I'm not going back to the hotel.
I want to speak to him now.
I want to speak to my husband.
I want to know what's going on!
- What questions?
- They're just routine, I promise you.
The best thing you can do
is to go back to the hotel and wait.
You're supposed to be here to help us. Your
only purpose in this job is to keep us informed.
So why don't you just do your bloody job?
- (Speaks in French)
- I've got this. Thank you, thank you.
Mrs Hughes,
when Detective Baptiste is finished
with your husband, I will call you. I promise.
Please just tell me what's happened.
My son is gone.
And he is the same age as yours.
Just imagine, if somebody took him,
and you didn't know where he was...
...or what was happening to him.
Please just tell me what's happening.
Please...
Please.
(Sobs)
Hey. I didn't hear you come in.
You working?
I'm just doing the lesson plan for the substitute.
- Can't someone else do that?
- I volunteered. Keep myself busy.
- Oh, thanks. They're lovely.
- And so they should be.
Those are not run of the mill
petrol station flowers.
No, those are the real McCoy.
Tony's gone back to Châlons du Bois.
Julian's with him.
- They think they've found something.
- Yeah, I know.
- You knew?
- Tony called. A couple of times.
He called me?
And you never...told me?
Well, your dad had just died.
I thought you had enough to deal with.
I really don't need to be protected,
and I really don't need you lying to me. Ever.
I'm sorry. It was stupid.
Sorry.
Do you think they've found something?
I don't know.
You're thinking of going back, aren't you?
It's just, after last time...
It can't happen again.
I know.
And Tony's phoned before.
With "news".
Lots of times.
I remember.
(Voice in French)
Merci. Merci.
Nothing.
What?
Fingerprints of the family, bien sûr,
but the room is clean.
There must be something...
Well...
It is, I think, perhaps too clean.
Like somebody was covering their tracks.
A very professional job.
A basement like this, left undisturbed,
would have prints that traced back
to maybe 15 or even 20 years ago.
All we have is the picture
your son drew on the wall.
It's strange, to leave that behind, no?
Perhaps they didn't realise your son did it...
So where does that leave us?
The important thing is that for the first time in
eight years we know where Oliver was taken.
Yes.
The owners of the house were away,
so the first question is, who knew this?
A postman who saw their house was vacant?
Anyone who had knowledge that this house
would make a good hiding place.
And we must consider
a small, suburban street such as this,
perhaps somebody saw something unusual.
Mm.
So to answer your questions,
it leaves us with a lot more work to do.
OK.
(Ringtone)
Julien Baptiste.
CELIA: Ah, he lives!
I'm sorry, darling,
I should have called earlier.
You know, I've been busy with the...
The what?
Finish your sentence, man!
The case has been re-opened.
Of course it has.
I know how you are
when you set your mind to something.
There's a condition.
I have to lead the investigation.
(Sighs)
I know. But, you know,
I'm the only one Georges trusts to be discreet
and keep the investigation out of the press...
Yeah...and you're the best.
(Chuckles)
Eh, you didn't come here just to see me,
did you?
The joy of being married to a detective.
No, I came here because...
...it's happening again.
And I don't know what to do.
(Speaks French)
Yeah. She came to the house.
Did she hurt you?
No.
Tell me.
(Speaks in French)
Merci, Monsieur Georges.
The timeline. Again.
I've been over this with Baptiste.
Then we will do it again.
(Speaks in French)
Seems that your lawyer has arrived.
They cannot hold you any longer, Mr Hughes.
You are free to leave.
(Speaks in French)
OK. But until we have searched that lake
entirely, you will remain in Châlons du Bois.
OK?
There he is now.
Ian? Did you do this?
Listen, I am...
- I need to let Emily know I'm OK.
- Yeah, it's all right.
She'll want to know why I was taken in.
I'm going to have to tell her.
- I'm going to take you for a drink first.
- Huh?
We'll take the car.
Because they say there's going to be a storm.
(Julien speaks in French)
(Continues)
(Rumbles of thunder)
Do they really think I could have done this?
Why are they looking at me when they should
be looking at sick bastards like Vincent Bourg?
- They let him go, didn't they?
- A known paedophile.
Who used that pool regularly. Huh?
Jesus.
I saw his police file.
How did you get that?
Some journo trying to buy goodwill.
Jesus, Ian, you want to see it.
The stuff they found on his computer...
Don't go there, pal.
OK?
He is not your guy. They cleared him.
Someone else is behind this,
and we're going to find them.
That's what you've got to focus on,
moving forward.
- I should get back. Em's going to be worried...
- Finish your drink. You need it.
♪ Blues
Why are you doing this, Ian?
First the money, then the lawyer...now this.
I've been kicked before.
I've been laid low. No-one there to help me.
I don't want that for you.
God, I love this bloody song.
It's not a patch on the original.
You're a blues man?
Who couldn't love Robert Johnson?
Selling his soul to the Devil at the crossroads,
best decision he ever made.
(Laughs) Ah, you know that voice, eh?
The tone of it. It's like...
- You can feel him aching.
- Yeah.
You know, always makes me feel better
about my own life.
(Distant thunder)
(Whispers in French)
(Replies in French)
(Continue in French)
(Police shouting in French)
(Claps of thunder)
(Barrage of questions)
You should've given me that interview,
Mr Hughes.
But it doesn't matter.
I got you your front page.
(Barrage of questions continues)
Em, I was going to tell you...
When?
When were you going to tell me
that you put Greg Halpern in hospital?
And then you got my dad
to help you buy his silence?
- It's not your dad's fault.
- Olly was just a baby.
I didn't think a prison sentence
for the father would benefit anyone.
You didn't think to tell your own daughter?
Tony knew it would upset you.
- It wasn't my place to go against his wishes.
- Not your place? You're my Dad!
- Sweetheart, listen...
- Get out. Get out!
Come on.
This is why the police
are wasting time looking into you
when they should be looking for our son.
- It was a mistake.
- What, lying to me?
Or beating the crap out of my friend?
He wasn't exactly a...
- What?
- Forget it.
What did you say?
He was more than a friend.
Oh, Christ, I told you, at the time,
there was nothing going on.
I went to him
and he admitted you kissed him.
I am not the problem here, Tony.
The problem here is your utter inability
to ever let anything go.
- You fixate on every little detail.
- I pay attention, there's a difference.
If you'd been paying attention
our son wouldn't be gone!
(Door opens and shuts)
JULIEN: We should begin.
TONY: A few more minutes.
JULIEN: They're volunteering their time.
If we wait any longer, they may start to leave.
There were 50 names on that list.
Everyone that lived near the house
where Olly was held.
I thought the idea was to get them all together
so they could share memories
and trigger something.
Yes, yes, but we could stand around all night.
We must work with what we have.
(Speaks in French)
(Interrupts in French)
Tony... (Continues in French)
(Julien continues)
You got my calls, then?
Yeah. I'm sorry it just took me a little while to,
you know...
You look well.
Ah, it's your hair.
I like it.
Yeah, it took a few misfires.
It's been a long time.
Yeah.
How did you know we were up there?
Laurence told me.
I went to the commissariat and they
filled me in on where you are on the case.
If you can even call it that.
It's the best lead we've had since it happened.
There's no DNA evidence.
Julien had to blackmail Georges
to even get the case re-opened.
No, we're close, I know it.
What? You really think this little
village meeting is going to lead us to our son?
Last year it was the sighting in Toulouse
that had to be him.
The year before that it was the skeleton
they dragged out of the Mediterranean.
- What about the scarf, the drawing?
- There's nothing else there, Tony.
No DNA. No proof. No evidence.
I mean, even if we let ourselves believe
that our only son was trapped in there,
for God knows what reason,
what, the last remaining image
we have of our son is going to be that?
It's OK to be scared by it.
You're looking at shapes in the clouds
and you're trying to turn them into things.
And every time you do this
you drag me into it too because...
...because you know I want to see them too.
You know that I need to see them
as much as you do.
And every time I do it breaks my heart
into pieces all over again.
I'm not as strong as you.
I can't survive in a nightmare
the way that you do.
I have to try and live, Tony.
I have to try and have some kind of a life.
You're doing a pretty good job of it
as far as I can tell.
Oh, I forgot to say...
Congratulations.
(Doorbell)
Mr Bourg?
Mr Bourg, it's Malik Suri.
I wrote to you while you were in prison
and if you read any of those letters,
you'd know I just want to talk.
It wasn't easy finding this address, Mr Bourg.
I just want to talk to you.
It's about Oliver Hughes.
Mr Bourg, I just want to talk.
(Engine starts)
(Julien speaks quietly in French)
Oui.
The electric company checks out.
No-one came to read the meter at No.75
for at least three months
since your son was taken there.
We're wasting our time.
No-one's calling back.
That meeting was a joke.
Well, look,
I did not expect results straightaway.
- I am sure...
- You're sure of what?
No-one saw or heard anything.
Why else would they keep silent for so long?
Look, we'll press on.
Try again, fail again.
Fail better.
(Low exchange in French)
Have you met anyone since your divorce?
No.
Well...
Perhaps one day, though.
- Bonjour.
(Speaks in French)
I heard about your little town meeting
last night.
If the case is to be re-opened,
I must do it properly.
That's why this meeting was...
I'm just trying to protect the people
that live here.
Some of them have lost their jobs
because of that kind of bad publicity.
Now I asked you to do this quietly
for a reason.
This case can be closed
as quickly as it was re-opened.
What the hell does he mean by that?
He is simply covering his back.
- I need to get out of here.
- It's not finished.
- We have more calls to do.
- For all the good they're doing.
(Man talks softly in French)
(Julien speaks in French)
You all right?
It's Antoine.
He heard about the storage warehouse.
He doesn't know what happened,
but he says he has more information.
- He wants to meet me at eight.
- Bit of a wait.
- But it's good news, right?
- Well... (Speaks French)
When I confronted him with his drug use,
he said he was maintaining his cover.
But I think it's more than that.
I called his superior.
Apparently he's fallen for a woman,
a junkie connected to the people he works for.
I thought it was too good to be true.
We'll find out.
Emily!
Agh!
(Winces)
Olly...
Olly.
We were so worried.
(Whispers)
Been so worried.
We were so worried.
So worried.
We were so worried...
(Door shuts)
Hey!
(Shouts in French)
(Continues in French)
Vincent Bourg?
I'm Tony Hughes.
This is criminal.
Get out.
Get out!
I will call the police.
- I will do it.
- Go on. Call them.
Don't come any closer!
You went to that pool regularly.
I know what you are.
Where is he?
Where's my boy?
I did not take your son.
You must believe me about this.
I do not let my dreams become reality.
I do not act on my desires. I only look.
(Choking)
(Clock chimes)
(Announcement in French)
(Speaks in French)
Antoine?
(Shouts in French)
(Car door and squeal of tyres)
(Siren)
(Speaks in French)
(Receives reply in French)
(Sounds horn)
(Shouts in French)
- (Car horns)
- (Shouts)
(Man shouts)
(Car horn)
- (Shouts in French)
- (Sounds horn)
(Shouting)
(Shouts in French)
(Grinding metal)
(Speaks in French)
(Rowdy chatter)
What's going on?
Where have you been?
We tried to call.
Your mobile was left here on the desk.
What is it? Have you found something?
The people who lived opposite No.70
back in 2006,
they got our message late last night.
It seems they are big football fans.
The night of the quarterfinal
they threw a party.
And they filmed it.
What's on the tape? What did they film?
Are you sure you want to see this?
(Rowdy chatter)
- Go on.
- You see that window here?
Yeah.
What?
We've zoomed in on it.
Here.
(Speaks French)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org